docs: update README (#1001)
iresty/iresty.github.io: README.md

If you want to write a blog or fix some blog-related issues, please read [Apache APISIX Blog Contributing Guide](http://apisix.apache.org/docs/general/blog) first. Then create a pull request.

--- 

# Contribution
Refer these basic steps to contribute. 

> ## Contents

Reviewer: GitHub has TOC now, we can remove this part.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48400568/161360840-1dfcc561-a19d-4771-8622-cb1d23a3e4cf.png)

- [Environment-SetUp](#clone)
- [Start server](#build)
- [Run](#run)
- [Reference](#reference)

## Clone

> To run & test the project locally on your machine , you need to clone it locally.

Reviewer: My fault. I haven't found time to add MarkDown Lint.

```suggestion
To run & test the project locally on your machine, you need to clone it locally.
```

Reviewer 2: `To run and test the project locally on your machine, you need to clone it locally.`

> you can do it by :- 

Reviewer: `:-` 
What's this? 😶‍🌫️

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/apache/apisix-website.git

> $ cd website

Reviewer: Default folder name should be `apisix-website`.

```suggestion
$ cd apisix-website
```

> $ git clone https://github.com/apache/apisix-website.git
> $ cd website

Reviewer 2: Could you delete `$` sign for each command?
```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/apache/apisix-website.git
cd website
```

```
## Build

> ```sh
> $ yarn build
> ```
> will build the existing project on your local machine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build the existing project on your local machine, run this command.

```sh
yarn build
```

> **Note:-**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:**
```
Here too.

> - Before using yarn build , make sure you are inside the main project folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using yarn build , make sure you are inside the main project folder.
```

> if your current location on terminal is not inside the project folder then run, 

Reviewer: Add a line above.
```suggestion

If your current location on terminal is not inside the project folder then run, 
```

```sh

> $ cd website 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ cd apisix-website 
```

```

> then build script.

Reviewer: Maybe we can del this line. Keep it simple.

## Run

> Now the main fun begins!! we will be using docusaurus for running and delployng our website on local server.

Reviewer: It may be necessary to modify the expression, the emotional statement is too much.

> One can run , 

Reviewer: No need.

> ```sh
> $ yarn start
> ```

Reviewer 2: You can add some more description in this part.
Normally this works for en-US environment.
```suggestion
```sh
yarn start
```

But for zh-CN enviroment, we need a similar command

```shell
yarn start -- -- locale zh
```

Reviewer: In fact, we dont need the '--'

Below cmd is enough.

```sh
yarn start --locale zh
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, just checked. 

Run `yarn start --locale zh` in `Desktop/apisix-website` is good.

> to start server or

Reviewer: No need

Reviewer 2: Agree. For the up and running part, I think two commands are enough.

`yarn start`

`yarn start --locale zh`

For the remaining materials in up and running part, unless you tried and felt really necessary to add, you can delete them.

> - To start the server on a specified port say ```3000``` try ,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the server on a specified port say ```3000``` try ,
```

```sh

> $ docusaurus start --port

Reviewer: We cannot use this... We don't have a global installation.

```

> this will start the server on the default port ```3000```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will start the server on the default port `3000`
```

> One can also select a server to be accessible externally they can try  

Reviewer: Need improve.

```sh
$ yarn docusaurus serve --host 0.0.0.0
```

> or

Reviewer: No need until line 65

Reviewer 2: Agree.

```sh
$ yarn run start -- --host 0.0.0.0
```

> you can run the dev server on ```0.0.0.0``` to make it listen on the local IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can run the dev server on `0.0.0.0` to make it listen on the local IP.
```

Reviewer: Also need improve.

**Note:-**

> - Before starting server, make sure you are inside the main project folder.

Reviewer: No need

Reviewer 2: Agree.

if your current location on terminal is not inside the project folder then run, 
```sh
$ cd website 
```
then start server. 

## Reference

> For knowing more about ```Docusaurus``` & it's developement using ```yarn```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For knowing more about ```Docusaurus``` and it is developement using ```yarn```
```

One can visit the documentation of Docusaurus at [Docs](https://docusaurus.io/docs/cli)

> 

Reviewer: No need until here.

Reviewer 2: Agree.
